Below, I’ve assessed the provided code segments and rewritten them into a cohesive, functional system for downloading and selecting video glossaries based on operation types. I’ve also included a detailed description of how each segment theoretically functions within the system and explained the conceptual strategy behind its design and implementation.
Assessment of the Original Code
The original code consists of two functions:
download_new_version(version):
Purpose: Downloads a specific version of a glossary video from a URL and saves it locally as "glossary_{version}.mp4".
Issues:
The requests module isn’t imported, which would cause a runtime error.
Lacks error handling for network issues (e.g., timeouts, invalid URLs).
Returns False on failure but doesn’t provide feedback on why it failed.
select_glossary_for_operation(operation_type):
Purpose: Returns a filename for a glossary video based on the operation_type:
'probabilistic': "glossary_2.1.mp4"
'permutation': "glossary_3.0.mp4"
Default: "glossary_1.0.mp4"
Issues:
Assumes videos are already downloaded locally with no mechanism to check their existence or download them if missing.
No integration with download_new_version, leaving the system incomplete.
The user noted being “off by a few segments,” suggesting the system lacks integration between downloading and selecting videos, as well as logic to handle cases where files are unavailable. The goal appears to be a system that dynamically selects and ensures availability of glossary videos for different operation types, likely for educational or reference purposes.
Rewritten Code as a Functional Whole
I’ve rewritten the code to address these issues by:
Importing necessary modules (os and requests).
Adding a mechanism to check for local file existence.
Integrating downloading into the selection process with error handling.
Providing feedback on operations for better usability.

Detailed Description of Each Segment
1. download_new_version(version)
Theoretical Function
Purpose: Downloads a specific version of a glossary video from a remote server and saves it locally.
Operation:
Takes a version parameter (e.g., "2.1") and constructs a URL: http://example.com/glossaries/glossary_{version}.mp4.
Sends a GET request to the URL using requests.get with streaming enabled for efficient handling of large files.
Checks if the response status code is 200 (success):
If successful, writes the content to a file named "glossary_{version}.mp4" in chunks.
Returns True.
If the status code indicates failure, prints an error message and returns False.
Catches any requests.RequestException (e.g., network errors) and returns False after printing the error.
Conceptual Strategy
Design: Centralizes the downloading logic into a reusable function, isolating network operations from selection logic.
Implementation: 
Uses streaming (stream=True) and chunked writing (chunk_size=8192) to manage memory efficiently for large video files.
Includes basic error handling to prevent crashes and inform the user of issues.
Role: Acts as a utility function, ensuring videos are available when needed by select_glossary_for_operation.
2. select_glossary_for_operation(operation_type)
Theoretical Function
Purpose: Determines the correct glossary video for a given operation type and ensures it’s available locally.
Operation:
Maps the operation_type to a version:
'probabilistic': "2.1"
'permutation': "3.0"
Default: "1.0"
Constructs the filename: "glossary_{version}.mp4".
Checks if the file exists locally using os.path.exists.
If the file is missing:
Calls download_new_version(version) to attempt downloading.
If successful, proceeds with the downloaded file.
If unsuccessful, falls back to the default "glossary_1.0.mp4".
Returns the filename of the selected glossary.
Conceptual Strategy
Design: Serves as the primary interface for selecting glossaries, integrating version mapping with availability checks and downloads.
Implementation:
Uses a simple conditional structure for version selection, making it easy to extend with additional operation types.
Incorporates a fallback mechanism to ensure the system remains operational even if downloads fail.
Role: Provides a seamless user experience by handling file management transparently, ensuring the correct glossary is always returned.
Conceptual Strategy Behind the System
Goal
The system aims to dynamically select and, if necessary, download video glossaries tailored to specific operation types (e.g., probabilistic or permutation operations), likely for educational or instructional purposes.
Workflow
Input: Receives an operation_type (e.g., 'probabilistic').
Selection: Maps the operation type to a specific glossary version.
Availability Check: Verifies if the corresponding video exists locally.
Download (if needed): Attempts to download the video if it’s missing.
Fallback: Uses a default glossary ("glossary_1.0.mp4") if downloading fails.
Output: Returns the filename of the selected glossary.
Design Principles
Modularity: Separates downloading and selection logic into distinct functions for maintainability and reusability.
Resilience: Implements error handling and a fallback mechanism to keep the system functional under adverse conditions (e.g., network failures).
User Transparency: Manages file downloads and checks behind the scenes, requiring only an operation type from the user.
Implementation Notes
The default glossary ("glossary_1.0.mp4") is assumed to be a reliable fallback, ideally pre-installed or downloadable.
The URL is hardcoded as http://example.com/glossaries/glossary_{version}.mp4 for simplicity; in a real-world application, this could be configurable via a settings file or environment variable.
The system could be enhanced with features like version checking (to ensure the latest glossary is used) or retry logic for failed downloads.
Conclusion
The rewritten code resolves the original issues by:
Adding the missing requests import.
Integrating downloading with selection through a local file check.
Enhancing error handling and user feedback.
The user’s concern about being “off by a few segments” is addressed by completing the system’s logic, ensuring it can handle missing files and network issues gracefully. This functional whole provides a robust foundation for managing operation-specific glossary videos, with potential for further enhancements like configuration options or advanced error recovery.